TODO.md, before:

# TODO
- generator
  - examine generator performance
    - [x] fix test_sampling
    - [ ] track stats on what kinds of programs the model has the most trouble with
  - multithreaded example generation
    - [x] chain multiple generators together (write into files whose names are randomly generated)
    - [x] load examples from multiple files (chain together into a single iterable)
  - training larger models on more data
    - [x] generate 1m examples with no randomness (no z's)
    - [x] start training large model on 100k, 1m examplees
  - housekeeping/optimization
    - [x] change rect representation to two corners
    - [x] compute per-seq loss instead of per-tok loss
  - overfitting
    - [x] try reducing model size to 512 or 1024
    - [ ] look into regularization methods
    - [ ] try a different architecture (RNN: GRU instead of LSTM)   
- discriminator
  - [x] generate training data for discriminator
    - sets of bitmaps: ((B_1, B_2), Y)
    - [x] generate examples by selecting a program P, then generating perturbations on P
      - [x] implement program perturbations
    - [ ] generate perturbed programs by running trained model on program prompts and saving the result
  - [ ] write discriminator in same class as transformer 
- correctness
  - [ ] check if counting z's counts unique z's or the number of z expressions
- style
  - [ ] split generator files into separate dir

Commit message:

check stats on trained model

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
- generator
  - examine generator performance
    - [x] fix test_sampling
    - [ ] track stats on what kinds of programs the model has the most trouble with
  - multithreaded example generation
    - [x] chain multiple generators together (write into files whose names are randomly generated)
    - [x] load examples from multiple files (chain together into a single iterable)
  - training larger models on more data
    - [x] generate 1m examples with no randomness (no z's)
    - [x] start training large model on 100k, 1m examplees
  - housekeeping/optimization
    - [x] change rect representation to two corners
    - [x] compute per-seq loss instead of per-tok loss
  - overfitting
    - [x] try reducing model size to 512 or 1024
    - [ ] look into regularization methods
    - [ ] try a different architecture (RNN: GRU instead of LSTM)   
  - [x] collect stats on hits/misses for perturbed programs
- discriminator
  - [x] generate training data for discriminator
    - sets of bitmaps: ((B_1, B_2), Y)
    - [x] generate examples by selecting a program P, then generating perturbations on P
      - [x] implement program perturbations
    - [ ] generate perturbed programs by running trained model on program prompts and saving the result
  - [ ] write discriminator in same class as transformer 
- correctness
  - [ ] check if counting z's counts unique z's or the number of z expressions
- style
  - [ ] split generator files into separate dir
